# Sentence

## Group 1

1. My respect to you family is very sincere.
2. be/not in the mood (for sth./to do sth.)
3. House prices, which have been static for several months, are now rising again.
4. hobby
5. Considering Jane had only been there once before, she did well to find the way.
6. lad
7. Nursing homes are well-equipped and convenient.
8. frown
9. When the math teacher finished her explanation, she found the students were still frowning.

## Group 2

1. software
2. fasten
3. She sat there quietly **stirring** her black coffee with a plastic spoon.
4. Our agrangement needs to be **flexible** enough to meet the needs of everyone.
5. **solution** to the problem
6. panel
7. The professor's approval was a matter of **supreme** importance to Kevin.
8. He started to **describe** a couple of broadleaf trees on the paper.

## Group 3

1. limb
2. Under no **circumstances** can we betray our country.
   - under no circumstances
   - in/under the circumstances
3. After school, the naughty kids made a total **mess** in the bathroom.
4. Throw away the apple because of the **core**.
5. The temperature of this area will drop to **minus** 28 degrees centigrade in winter.
6. Recent **statistic** suggest 30% or more of college students cheat.
7. It's hard to see that the girl is six months **pregnant**.
8. sector

## Group 4

1. bribe
2. statue
3. cycle
4. It must be very difficult for them to be trained as very **skillful** acrobats.
5. The large **overhead** reduced the company's profits.
6. clash
7. As my wife, I think you should **grant** me this favor.
8. They would be **bonded** together in love forever.

## Group 5

1. They will not bring real benefits to the **staff**.
2. intermediate
3. guitar
4. The police wanted a more **comprehensive** investigation of your status.
5. presence
   - in one's presence
   - presence of mind
   - The boy pretended to study hard in his mother's **presence**.
6. What is the cost of repairing an **appliance**?
7. emergency
8. He has **solved** the problem of eating the steak.

## Group 6

1. label
2. His chance of getting the job is **slim**.
3. ambassador
4. status
5. cushion
6. You'd better get a job first and **steady** down.
7. True freedom **includes** more then economic freedom.
8. Our **prime** concern is the emotional health and well-being of children.

## Group 7

1. derive from
2. Those programs are **sponsored** by a student organization.
3. proportion
   - in proportion to
   - On average, fathers spoke less than mothers did, but they did not differ in the length of utterances or **proportion** of questions asked.
4. Caring for a spouse with **mental** disorder can leave you with some of the same severe problems.
5. Yesterday Jason was kicked and **punched** on his way back home.
6. result
   - as a result of
   - result in
   - result from
   - as a result
7. A final advertising medium is direct mail, which uses mailings to consumers to communicate a **client**'s message.
8. steamer

## Group 8

1. This **option** allows a job seeker to post a resume without having it searched by employers.
2. dormitory
3. attitude
   - attitude toward(s)
   - What is the author's overall **attitude** toward fridges?
4. It's very **steep** here and the surface is a little slippery.
5. After determining the target audience for a product or service, advertising **agencies** must select the appropriate media for the advertisement.
6. steer
   - steer clear of
   - You may want to **steer** clear of the word "dumped".
7. And when joggers **jog**, they don't run on the streets.
8. scandal
   - Watergate Scandal
9. In a good article, individual sentences **knit** together in a clear way.
10. Till now, some bad customs and laws haven't been **abolished** in that small town.
11. There were **baby booms** in many countries after war.
