# Sentence

## Group 1

1. The girl had no **illusions** about her talents as a writer.
2. fable
3. cater
   - cater for
   - cater to
   - The flavor of the new restaurant **caters** for the youth.
4. obese
5. paddy
6. deadly
7. Materials **economics** is very difficult to understand.
8. madden

## Group 2

1. narrate
   - The passage is organized by **narrating** a story about excellent teachers.
2. handbook
3. gadget
4. aerial
5. applaud
6. definite
7. cautious
8. nest
   - There are no birds of this year in last year's **nests**.

## Group 3

1. Expanding **domestic** and international markets is essential in the course of economic globalization.
2. chest
3. rebel
   - The forces rebelled against the government.
4. The result of the examination was less **satisfactory** than he had expected.
5. airline
6. stem
   - stem from
   - Difficulty in concentration among students **stem** from the same factor.
7. coupon
   - The store owner gave me a couple of money-off **coupons**.
8. render
   - A lot of people were **rendered** jobless by the financial crisis.

## Group 4

1. object
   - object to sb/sth.
   - They **object** to man-made cool simply because they like hot weather.
2. gardener
3. shrink
4. Children in colorful costumes **parade** up and down the streets.
5. The company is trying to dispel **rumour** about a take-over.
6. establish
   - Foreigners can offer a fresh perspective on **established** practices.
7. kindness
8. Jay takes out a tissue from his **breast** pocket.

## Group 5

1. Cathy felt hot and **sticky** during the five hours on the train.
2. boost
   - The biggest longevity **boost** seems to come from marriage or an equivalent relationship.
   - In the past, falling oil prices have given a **boost** to the world economy, but recent forecasts for global growth have been toned down, even as oil prices sink lower and lower.
3. fund
   - For example, but for the savings and loan debacle, there might be **funds** available to reduce the national debt and pay for education.
4. incredible
5. We must learn how to give gifts before going **abroad**.
6. But seriously, the leading lady seems a little **stiff**.
7. rug
8. stimulate
   - Imagination is a valuable quality and motivating power, and **stimulates** achievement.

## Group 6

1. fame
2. consume
   - be consumed with
3. The government took measures to **accelerate** the pace of economic growth.
4. lightning
5. sting
   - I was **stung** on the arm by a wasp.
6. bound
   - be bound up with
   - be bound up in
   - be bound to
   - I can't bear the life that was **bounded** by poverty.
7. rouse
   - What he had done **roused** people's hatred.
8. People in my hometown mainly **cultivate** rice and beans.

## Group 7

1. People have to give up certain **material** comforts to stop global warming.
2. High-level **personnel** tend to head in only one direction: outward from America.
3. display
   - This allows job seekers the same visibility as those in the standard posting category without any of their contact information being **displayed**.
4. particle
5. frog
6. impression
   - leave...a/an...impression
7. major
   - I majored in **biology**, my favourite subject.
8. drunk

## Group 8

1. Trying to criticize writing on the fly is possibly the single greatest **barrier** to writing that most of us encounter.
2. stock
   - take stock of
   - in stock
   - out of stock
3. fisherman
4. royal
   - the royal family
   - The **royal** treatment was exactly what I needed.
5. I ask the **barber** not to cut my hair too short.
6. stocking
7. We decided to **delegate** him to attend the conference.
8. highlight
   - The research **highlighted** worries about the lack of progress in improving basic skills in the UK workforce.
9. depression
10. We present a copy of the agreement to the manager for her **signature**.
11. I like the elegant **atmosphere** of the old style.
